d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\obj\x86\Debug\BetterNag.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\teddybear0.xnb
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\teddybear1.xnb
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\graphics\teddybear2.xnb
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\BetterNag.exe
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\BetterNag.pdb
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\obj\x86\Debug\BetterNag.exe
d:\venus\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BetterNag\BetterNag\obj\x86\Debug\BetterNag.pdb
